You've covered a lot of ground.
Sellers, the offer, the pipeline, scripts,
objections, tools,
KPIs, compensation, advanced situations,
FAQs.
Now we're going to put all of it together
into what a real day actually looks like.
Because knowing the pieces is one thing.
Running the whole day is something else.
You clock in on Hubstaff and open Sandra.
That's your command center.
First thing you do is look at your follow-up
list.
How many callbacks are scheduled for today?
What stage are they in?
Who's the hottest lead?
The one closest to being ready for a
handoff.
Sort your priorities. Stage 3, leads come
first because they're closest to moving
forward.
Then stage 2, the ones that still need
qualification.
Then stage 1, people you haven't been able
to connect with yet.
For the first half hour, you open PropStream
and do quick research on your top 10 to 15
leads. Verify ownership, check property
details, look for anything useful.
Liens, tax status, mortgage info, anything
you can reference on the call.
This half hour of prep makes every conversation
you have for the rest of the day better.
You'll sound like you've done your homework
because you actually did.
Then you start dialing.
Your first calling block is the most
important one.
Follow-ups first. Always.
Start with your scheduled callbacks, the
people who are expecting to hear from you at a
specific time.
After that, move to the other follow-up
leads in your pipeline.
Then new leads that haven't been contacted.
You're aiming for 60 to 80 dials in this
first block.
After every call, you log notes in Sandra
immediately.
Between dials, you fire off follow-up texts.
Take a break. Seriously.
Step away from the screen for 15 minutes.
Stretch. Get some water.
Reset your energy. The next block needs the
same energy as the first one, and it won't
get it if you're running on fumes.
Second calling block. Keep working your
list.
Mix in texts and emails between calls.
If you cleared all your follow-ups in the
first block, focus on new leads and
re-contacts.
By the time you break for lunch, you should
be somewhere around 110 to 150 dials for
the day.
Lunch. Eat real food, not a protein bar at
your desk while scrolling your phone.
After lunch, you've got an admin block.
Send follow-up emails for the conversations
you had that morning.
Update lead stages in the CRM.
If any leads are ready for handoff, complete
those checklists now.
Clean up any notes that need detail.
Then your final calling block.
This is the last push.
Hit the remaining leads on your list.
Try re-dials on the people who didn't pick
up in the morning.
Make sure every lead scheduled for today has
been attempted.
By the end of this block, you should be at
150 to 200 total dials.
Last half hour of the day is pipeline
review.
Step back and look at the big picture.
How many leads are sitting at each stage?
Are there any stuck in stage one that
haven't connected after multiple attempts?
Maybe they need a different approach?
Are there any in stage three that are ripe
for handoff but haven't been moved yet?
Update every stage. Make sure every active
lead has a next action with a specific date.
No leads floating around without a plan.
Then schedule your follow-ups for tomorrow.
Make sure your task list in Sandra is ready
for when you sit down in the morning.
Clean up anything that's stale.
Clock out.
You've worked the day when all of this is
true.
You hit your dial target.
You completed every scheduled follow-up.
You logged detailed notes on every
conversation.
You sent follow-up texts and emails to all
active leads.
You updated all lead stages that needed
updating.
Every active lead has a next action.
Your pipeline is clean.
And you clocked your full hours.
If all of that is true, you worked the day.
It doesn't matter if nobody picked up.
It doesn't matter if you didn't close a
deal.
You controlled what you could control.
And over time, over weeks and months, that
consistency is what produces results.
It's not one heroic day.
It's showing up and doing it every single
day.
This job is a marathon.
You're making 150-plus calls a day, five
days a week.
If you don't manage your energy, you will
burn out.
Smile before you dial because people can
hear your energy through the phone.
Take your breaks. Don't skip them.
Stay hydrated. Eat real food.
If you're having a rough stretch on the
phone and nothing's connecting, take a
five-minute walk outside and reset.
Celebrate small wins throughout the day.
A good conversation. A lead that moved to
the next stage.
A callback that finally connected.
Those add up.
And remember something.
It takes one call to completely change your
day.
One conversation can turn a zero day into
the best day you've had.
This is a numbers game, but it's run by
humans.
The numbers matter. The consistency matters.
But the thing that actually makes it work is
the genuine care you bring to every
conversation. The sellers who close with us
do it because someone cared enough to keep
calling, to keep listening, to follow
through when everyone else dropped off.
That's what this job is.
Your capstone roleplay is coming.
A full cycle scenario, cold outreach all the
way through to framing the handoff.
Everything you've learned is on the table.
But before you run it, one more piece.
How the team stays in sync day to day.